Questions of interest to the CEO

01. Which region is generating the highest revenue, and which region is generating the lowest?
ans :- The CEO values this question since it focuses on revenue, which is the primary source of money for the company. The CEO values revenue analysis because senior executives are 
constantly thinking about how to boost earnings. In this case, the CEO is curious about the viewing revenue by region in order to determine which locations are making the most money and
which are not. The CEO will be able to make decisions about how to increase income in the areas that are now producing the greatest revenue by using the data and analysis. The CEO will
next investigate the causes of the low sales in the underperforming locations in order to determine why those areas are not making enough money.


02. What is the monthly trend of revenue, which months have faced the biggest increase/decrease?
ans:- An analysis of the revenue trend on a monthly basis will give the CEO insight into how the revenue is changing each month. The CEO will be able to examine how internal company 
changes have affected sales thanks to this. For instance, how the introduction of a new region or the debut of a new product led to an increase in sales for the online business during 
the month. The CEO might also examine any internal delays that might have contributed to a possible decline. Senior management needs this kind of information in order to plan forward
and strive for the best possible customer experience.


03. Which months generated the most revenue? Is there a seasonality in sales?
ans :- Seasonality in retail means that certain months will always see higher demand than others. There will be instances where the data undergoes yearly fluctuations that are consistent
and predictable. The CEO would be interested in creating a plan that would maximize the benefits from the months with higher demands, thus it would be required to identify such seasonal 
months.

04. Who are the top customers and how much do they contribute to the total revenue? Is the business dependent on these customers or is the customer base diversified?
ans :- This study is crucial since it will help the CEO determine the primary factors influencing overall revenue. One way to determine which consumers are most important to the store's 
earnings is to look at its top patrons. The store can then devise a plan in which it will target its top consumers and offer them additional things to purchase. Since these consumers are
the store's top buyers, this will guarantee increased revenue for the business. A company may benefit from having fewer large-volume buyers, but there may be a disadvantage as well. 
Since these clients generate the majority of the store's revenue and have the ability to negotiate lower pricing, retailers would have less negotiating leverage with them. In order for
the CEO to make advance plans, he must be informed about the diversification of the consumer base. When a business relies heavily on a small number of clients, the strategy would be to 
grow the clientele and focus on attracting new customers who would raise sales for the establishment. 

 
Questions of interest to the CMO

05. What is the percentage of customers who are repeating their orders? Are they ordering the same products or different?
ans :- This inquiry demonstrates the CMO's interest in seeing client order trends. How many of the overall number of clients are returning and placing new orders interests him. 
The CMO will be able to understand from this information what proportion of their customers make repeat purchases. Following identification, the CMO can devise a plan to reach out to
these clients with more offers and necessary items. A marketing plan can be developed to target these clients with better options when the study of what they are purchasing a second time 
is completed. This will give the CMO trends into what items and subproducts are in demand.


06. For the repeat customers, how long does it take for them to place the next order after being delivered the previous one?
ans :- The CMO will be able to determine order frequency with the aid of this analysis. This would entail finding out how long it takes for customers to place new orders with the retailer
. It is anticipated that customers who have recently made a purchase will be thinking about the product and will probably buy or use it again in the future. After the analysis's data is 
acquired, the CMO can develop a plan to entice the company's most recent clients to return and spend more money. Reminding customers that it has been a while since their last purchase 
can help those who haven't made any further purchases from the store. In this case, customer incentives are also relevant.


07. What revenue is being generated from the customers who have ordered more than once?
ans :- The amount a consumer spends to buy items from the store determines how much revenue the business makes. As a result, analysis must be conducted to ascertain the amount of money
coming in from the store's frequent consumers. The CMO can come up with a plan to motivate clients who spend more money on recurring transactions to keep doing so. It's also critical to
remember that a consumer should be urged to return to the store if they made a large purchase the first time. A marketing plan will guarantee that the well-paid patrons will keep the 
store's revenue stream growing in the future.


08. Who are the customers that have repeated the most? How much are they contributing to revenue?
ans :- Analyzing which clients return the most often and how much they contribute to sales is also crucial. Customers that require the same products on a weekly or monthly basis may exist
, but their monetary value is low. As a result, these clients will not generate much money. Conversely, there may be clients that place orders twice a year and generate a significant 
amount of revenue from their orders. These clients only make purchases during specific months, therefore the management must make sure there are enough supplies on hand to fulfill their
demands. More discounts would need to be given to the clients with high order volumes and low revenue so that they can purchase in bulk.
